"Qualifications – External:

Business Analysts enable the transformation and performance improvement of an enterprise or
 its parts, with respect to people, process and technology, by providing relevant capabilities, 
assets (human and non-human), processes and tools (from both a technical & functional aspect). 
Business Analysts structure, analyze and visualize an enterprise’s current state; 
design and visualize the future state; and design and guide the change process from current to future state.
 Developing sector knowledge is of foremost importance for all Business Analysts. 
Technical analysts can specialize in ERP, Application Management or Custom Software Development (CSD). 
Functional analysts can specialize in Strategy Execution, Business Process Transformation or Change Management.


Required Skills and Experience:
You are a leading analyst, able to conceptualize a business or technical solution,
 leveraging colleagues and partners. You have mastered at least one methodology in-depth and have an advanced knowledge of either 
one or more business domains; one or more ERP solutions; or one or more technical tools/ languages.  You have wide knowledge of 
industry innovations and competitor activity and actively engage in, and contribute to, internal and external knowledge developments.  

Possible positions could include being a Business Process Consultant in process improvements; 
a Business Analyst performing “as-is/ to-be” analysis on business processes and/ or IT; or an experienced Functional Consultant 
who is able to advise clients on the implementation of one or more package modules. 



• Qualification: Minimum 5 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree.

• Certification: Should have Level 1 and seeking Level 2 BA.

• Experience in Business Analysis.

• Should be proficient in Business knowledge, Package Configuration and Change Management.

• Should have progressing skills on Functional Architecture Design and Architecture Knowledge.															
	


Responsible for developing and implementing a comprehensive knowledge management strategy for the CSOD supporting 500 personnel.
·         Develops KM both Tactical and Strategic-level Implementation Plans
·         Leads, plans, and directs KM efforts for CSOD.
·         Performs personnel interviews, KM audits, and knowledge mapping
·         Researches current knowledge (As-Is) capabilities and determines future (To-Be) KM requirements
·         Identifies knowledge gaps
·         Ascertains organization’s explicit and tacit knowledge assets
·         Determines methods of acquiring, storing, accessing, retrieving, and sharing knowledge with both internal and external stakeholders
·         
Trains personnel on Knowledge Management to include knowledge sharing and collaboration methods"


"Qualifications – External:

Project Managers take full responsibility for managing a project or program.  
They normally manage a number of related streams or activities to achieve a desired business result, planned profitability levels, 
quality standards and highest-level client satisfaction. Project Managers are responsible for the project plan, budget, structure, 
schedule and staffing requirements for the delivery organization. A Project Manager usually has technical expertise in one or more 
other domains (e.g. a Project Manager with testing skills could perform a test manager function). 



Required Skills and Experience:


You ensure that client needs are satisfied through the formulation, development, implementation and 
delivery of application solutions in response to client requirements, expressed in approved service requests. 
You are responsible for the overall project plan, budget, structure, schedule and staffing requirements for the delivery organization. 
You ensure that the project meets its deliverables in an agreed schedule, according to the scope, within stipulated budget, 
and to quality standards.


• Qualification: Bachelor's Degree

• Certification: Should have EM Level 1.

• Should be proficient in Negotiating, Vendor Management, Risk Management and Project Financials, KPI & Reporting

• Should have progressing skills Quality Management.






""Strong Business Analyst with proven Trade Promotion Management (TPM) experience – a must have

Ability to lead business requirements session and manage the meeting

Strong communication and presentation skills
Strong capability to interact with senior business leads"""

